Update Pull Request template: handling CHANGELOG.md (#1243)
bareos/bareos: pull_request_template.md

##### General
- [ ] PR name is meaningful
- [ ] Purpose of the PR is understood

> - [ ] Separate commit for this PR in the CHANGELOG.md, PR number referenced is same

Reviewer: I would like to keep one line for the CHANGELOG.md checks and not split it up into 4 single points.

Author: I changed it back to a single line and added a section in the Developer Guide.
I also changed "PR number referenced is same" into "PR number is verified.". I considered the initial wording misleading, however I'm also not to happy with my replacement. Maybe you got a better wording?

Reviewer 2: I propose
```diff
+- [ ] A separate commit in CHANGELOG.md with this PR number exist and is placed on top of the section
```

##### General
- [ ] PR name is meaningful
- [ ] Purpose of the PR is understood
- [ ] Commit descriptions are understandable and well formatted

> - [ ] Separate commit for CHANGELOG.md changes (message: "update CHANGELOG.md" or "update CHANGELOG.md for PR #0000"). PR number is verified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+- [ ] Separate commit exists for CHANGELOG.md with this PR changes and number placed on top of corresponding section. (message: "update CHANGELOG.md" or "update CHANGELOG.md for PR #0000")
```

> - [ ] Separate commit for CHANGELOG.md changes (message: "update CHANGELOG.md" or "update CHANGELOG.md for PR #0000"). PR number is verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Separate commit for CHANGELOG.md ("update CHANGELOG.md"). PR number is correct.
```

> - [ ] If backport: add original PR number and target branch at top of this file: **Backport of PR #0000 to bareos-2x**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] check backport line
``` 
Add this to top of file: **Backport of PR #0000 to bareos-2x** (remove if no backport)

- [ ] Code comments are correct (logically and spelling)
- [ ] Required documentation changes are present and part of the PR
- [ ] `bareos-check-sources --since-merge` does not report any problems

> - [ ] `git status` should not report modifications in the source tree after building and testing

Reviewer 2: Why did we remove that line?

Author: @pstorz said, that this have not happened for a long time and can therefore be removed.

Reviewer 2: I would have keep it, especially for external contribution, but we can try without and see.

- [ ] The choice of the type of test (unit test or systemtest) is reasonable
- [ ] Testname matches exactly what is being tested
- [ ] On a fail, output of the test leads quickly to the origin of the fault

##### CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] Separate commit for this PR in the CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] The changelog entries refers to this PR (verify the number)
- [ ] New changelog entries are added at the top of a section.

> - [ ] Commit message is "updated CHANGELOG.md" or "updated CHANGELOG.md for PR #0000" (replace 0000 by the number of the current PR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Commit message is "update CHANGELOG.md" or "update CHANGELOG.md for PR #0000" (replace 0000 by the number of the current PR)
```

Reviewer: refer to the developer guideline for git commits: use imperative language.

But as said above, I would not want to split the CHANGELOG.md checkmark into four submarks.
